README.md, before:

# Welcome!

## Project assets

Font - Urbanist

Framework - https://picocss.com/docs

Icons - [here](./assets/icons)

Project subject - [here](./assets/tweet_academie.pdf)

## Project installation

Make sure to install all the dependancies

`npm install`

then build the css :

`npm run build:css`

also install the composer dependancies

`composer install`

then copy the .env.example and change the value by your values

`cp .env.example .env`

You should now be able to use PDO !

## Project management

### Roles

#### Tech lead (Marwan)

the tech lead need to validate **each PR** This is mandatory. He also has to ensure the quality of the code.

#### Product Owner (PO) (Brahim)

there will be one product owner, his goal will have to create issues with the team and make sure each task will be done and can be done.

## Github Doc

you will find [here](./doc/github.md) the github documentation about everything you will need to know about the github project, how to do a branch a pr...

## Project techno

### Back-end

PHP - SQL

### Front-end

Html (in the php views) - CSS & Picoss for the framework css - JS

## Project architecture

MVC (Model - Views - Controller) using JS for dynamic loading

### Folder architecture

"src" & "public" folder structure. "index.php" and client side in the "public" directory. "src" is where the rest of the back-end goes.

Commit message:

[feat] add php code sniffer and script json to lint the php and find … (#21)
* [feat] add php code sniffer and script json to lint the php and find error. Update the readme to add the new doc to the project.

* [feat] add more script to sniff PHP error in the src - partials - models - controllers - views & change the doc to have a better reading

README.md, after:

# Welcome!

## Project assets

Font - Manrope

Framework - https://www.skeleton.dev/

Icons - [here](./assets/icons)

Project subject - [here](./assets/tweet_academie.pdf)

## Project installation

Make sure to install all the dependancies

`npm install`

then build the css :

`npm run build:css`

also install the composer dependancies

`composer install`

then copy the .env.example and change the value by your values

`cp .env.example .env`

You should now be able to use PDO !

## Project quality - security

We are using PHP_CodeSniffer to ensure that our code adheres to coding standards. You can find the doc [**here**](./docs/phpintegrity.md)

## Project management

We define roles to ensure the follow and quality of the project. You can find everything about it [**here**](./docs/roles.md)

## Github Doc

you will find [here](./doc/github.md) the github documentation about everything you will need to know about the github project, how to do a branch a pr...

## Project techno

### Back-end

PHP - SQL

### Front-end

Html (in the php views) - CSS & Picoss for the framework css - JS

## Project architecture

MVC (Model - Views - Controller) using JS for dynamic loading

### Folder architecture

"src" & "public" folder structure. "index.php" and client side in the "public" directory. "src" is where the rest of the back-end goes.
